rm vimdoc.txt
cat help.cnx >> vimdoc.txt
cat usr_toc.cnx >> vimdoc.txt
cat usr_01.cnx >> vimdoc.txt
cat usr_02.cnx >> vimdoc.txt
cat usr_03.cnx >> vimdoc.txt
cat usr_04.cnx >> vimdoc.txt
cat usr_05.cnx >> vimdoc.txt
cat usr_06.cnx >> vimdoc.txt
cat usr_07.cnx >> vimdoc.txt
cat usr_08.cnx >> vimdoc.txt
cat usr_09.cnx >> vimdoc.txt
cat usr_10.cnx >> vimdoc.txt
cat usr_11.cnx >> vimdoc.txt
cat usr_12.cnx >> vimdoc.txt
cat usr_20.cnx >> vimdoc.txt
cat usr_21.cnx >> vimdoc.txt
cat usr_22.cnx >> vimdoc.txt
cat usr_23.cnx >> vimdoc.txt
cat usr_24.cnx >> vimdoc.txt
cat usr_25.cnx >> vimdoc.txt
cat usr_26.cnx >> vimdoc.txt
cat usr_27.cnx >> vimdoc.txt
cat usr_28.cnx >> vimdoc.txt
cat usr_29.cnx >> vimdoc.txt
cat usr_30.cnx >> vimdoc.txt
cat usr_31.cnx >> vimdoc.txt
cat usr_32.cnx >> vimdoc.txt
cat usr_40.cnx >> vimdoc.txt
cat usr_41.cnx >> vimdoc.txt
cat usr_42.cnx >> vimdoc.txt
cat usr_43.cnx >> vimdoc.txt
cat usr_44.cnx >> vimdoc.txt
cat usr_45.cnx >> vimdoc.txt
cat usr_90.cnx >> vimdoc.txt
cat intro.cnx >> vimdoc.txt
cat helphelp.cnx >> vimdoc.txt
cat index.cnx >> vimdoc.txt
cat howto.cnx >> vimdoc.txt
cat tips.cnx >> vimdoc.txt
cat message.cnx >> vimdoc.txt
cat quotes.cnx >> vimdoc.txt
cat todo.cnx >> vimdoc.txt
cat develop.cnx >> vimdoc.txt
cat debug.cnx >> vimdoc.txt
cat uganda.cnx >> vimdoc.txt
cat starting.cnx >> vimdoc.txt
cat editing.cnx >> vimdoc.txt
cat motion.cnx >> vimdoc.txt
cat scroll.cnx >> vimdoc.txt
cat insert.cnx >> vimdoc.txt
cat change.cnx >> vimdoc.txt
cat indent.cnx >> vimdoc.txt
cat undo.cnx >> vimdoc.txt
cat repeat.cnx >> vimdoc.txt
cat visual.cnx >> vimdoc.txt
cat various.cnx >> vimdoc.txt
cat recover.cnx >> vimdoc.txt
cat cmdline.cnx >> vimdoc.txt
cat options.cnx >> vimdoc.txt
cat pattern.cnx >> vimdoc.txt
cat map.cnx >> vimdoc.txt
cat tagsrch.cnx >> vimdoc.txt
cat quickfix.cnx >> vimdoc.txt
cat windows.cnx >> vimdoc.txt
cat tabpage.cnx >> vimdoc.txt
cat syntax.cnx >> vimdoc.txt
cat spell.cnx >> vimdoc.txt
cat diff.cnx >> vimdoc.txt
cat autocmd.cnx >> vimdoc.txt
cat filetype.cnx >> vimdoc.txt
cat eval.cnx >> vimdoc.txt
cat channel.cnx >> vimdoc.txt
cat fold.cnx >> vimdoc.txt
cat print.cnx >> vimdoc.txt
cat remote.cnx >> vimdoc.txt
cat term.cnx >> vimdoc.txt
cat digraph.cnx >> vimdoc.txt
cat mbyte.cnx >> vimdoc.txt
cat mlang.cnx >> vimdoc.txt
cat arabic.cnx >> vimdoc.txt
cat farsi.cnx >> vimdoc.txt
cat hebrew.cnx >> vimdoc.txt
cat russian.cnx >> vimdoc.txt
cat ft_ada.cnx >> vimdoc.txt
cat ft_sql.cnx >> vimdoc.txt
cat hangulin.cnx >> vimdoc.txt
cat rileft.cnx >> vimdoc.txt
cat gui.cnx >> vimdoc.txt
cat gui_w32.cnx >> vimdoc.txt
cat gui_x11.cnx >> vimdoc.txt
cat if_cscop.cnx >> vimdoc.txt
cat if_lua.cnx >> vimdoc.txt
cat if_mzsch.cnx >> vimdoc.txt
cat if_perl.cnx >> vimdoc.txt
cat if_pyth.cnx >> vimdoc.txt
cat if_tcl.cnx >> vimdoc.txt
cat if_ole.cnx >> vimdoc.txt
cat if_ruby.cnx >> vimdoc.txt
cat debugger.cnx >> vimdoc.txt
cat workshop.cnx >> vimdoc.txt
cat netbeans.cnx >> vimdoc.txt
cat sign.cnx >> vimdoc.txt
cat vi_diff.cnx >> vimdoc.txt
cat version4.cnx >> vimdoc.txt
cat version5.cnx >> vimdoc.txt
cat version6.cnx >> vimdoc.txt
cat version7.cnx >> vimdoc.txt
cat version8.cnx >> vimdoc.txt
cat os_390.cnx >> vimdoc.txt
cat os_amiga.cnx >> vimdoc.txt
cat os_beos.cnx >> vimdoc.txt
cat os_dos.cnx >> vimdoc.txt
cat os_mac.cnx >> vimdoc.txt
cat os_mint.cnx >> vimdoc.txt
cat os_msdos.cnx >> vimdoc.txt
cat os_os2.cnx >> vimdoc.txt
cat os_qnx.cnx >> vimdoc.txt
cat os_risc.cnx >> vimdoc.txt
cat os_unix.cnx >> vimdoc.txt
cat os_vms.cnx >> vimdoc.txt
cat os_win32.cnx >> vimdoc.txt
cat pi_getscript.cnx >> vimdoc.txt
cat pi_gzip.cnx >> vimdoc.txt
cat pi_logipat.cnx >> vimdoc.txt
cat pi_netrw.cnx >> vimdoc.txt
cat pi_paren.cnx >> vimdoc.txt
cat pi_tar.cnx >> vimdoc.txt
cat pi_vimball.cnx >> vimdoc.txt
cat pi_zip.cnx >> vimdoc.txt
cat dict.txt >> vimdoc.txt
cat guides.txt >> vimdoc.txt
